Clarify glacier limit (#166)
awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget: docs/LIMITS.md

- Only buckets with versioning set to **Enabled** are supported
- Decompressed individual object size must be less than the Fargate task memory
  limit (`DeletionTaskMemory`) specified when launching the stack

> - S3 Objects transitioned to the `GLACIER` or `DEEP_ARCHIVE` storage classes are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- S3 Objects using the `GLACIER` or `DEEP_ARCHIVE` storage classes are
```

I'd omit "transitioned" since a transition isn't mandatory for Glacier (anymore).
